These Terms and Conditions form the agreement between Backpack, Advocates and Referred Users concerning the Backpack Rewards Program. To participate, Advocates and Referred Users must agree to these terms.

1\. Definitions
---------------

1.1 In these Terms and Conditions, the following definitions will be used:

*   **Discount Code ("Discount Coupon", "Voucher")** means a code generated by the Advocate and given to a Referred User in order to give the Referred User a discount, and the Advocate a reward.
*   **Affiliate Link** means a hyperlink provided to the Advocate and given to an unregistered user, in order to track the fact that that user has created an account thanks to the Advocate, so the Advocate can get his Reward.
*   **Reward** means an amount of money that Backpack owes the Advocate, in return for the successful referral, in the form of a purchase discount or cash.
*   **Advocate** means the person who sends the Affiliate Link or Discount Code.
*   **Referred User** means the person who receives a Affiliate Link or Discount Code and successfully creates an account or purchases a Backpack product.
*   **Affiliate** means an Advocate who enters a collaboration relationship with Backpack, in order to receive cash rewards instead of discounts. An affiliate needs to represent a registered company or sole-proprietorship and be able to issue invoices, in order to get cash payments for their rewards.
*   **Product** means all purchases possible directly on the Backpack website - including but not limited to addons (PRO, DevTools, EditableColumns, FigmaTemplate) and bundles (Single-Project PRO, Multiple–Project PRO, Everything Bundle) as offered for sale by Backpack. It does not refer to services (eg. custom web development, custom design etc).
*   **Referral Terms** means these Terms and Conditions, including updates, alterations and possible appendices, published on the Backpack website.
*   **We (“our”, “us”, “Backpack”, “Backpack for Laravel”)** means COMPLEMENT SOFTWARE SRL, a Romanian limited liability company located at Calea Victoriei 142-148, sc C, et 3, ap 17 in Bucharest, Romania (sector 1), registered with the Trade Registry number J 40/5536/2016, VAT number RO35962660.
*   **Website** means our website: www.backpackforlaravel.com
*   **You** means the Affiliate, Advocate and/or the Referred User, as applicable.

1.2 Capitalized terms that are not defined here will have the same meaning given to them in the Backpack Terms and Conditions as published on our webpage.

2\. Scope of Application
------------------------

2.1 The Backpack Rewards Program allows an Advocate to introduce friends, family, acquaintances or the public at large (‘Referred User’) to Backpack.

2.2 By participating or attempting to participate in the Rewards Program:

1.  You accept and agree that You, as an Advocate or Referred User, are bound by these Referral Terms; and
2.  You acknowledge that You have read and understood the information concerning the [Backpack Privacy Policy]({{ url('privacy-policy') }}) and [Backpack Cookie Policy]({{ url('cookie-policy') }}).

2.3 By purchasing or attempting to purchase a Backpack product:

1.  You accept and agree that You, as a Referred User, are bound by the [End-User License Agreement]({{ url('eula') }}) as made available on Our Website; and
2.  You acknowledge that You have read and understood the information concerning the [Backpack Privacy Policy]({{ url('privacy-policy') }}) and [Backpack Cookie Policy]({{ url('cookie-policy') }}).

2.4 The Backpack Rewards Program offers two mechanism though which Advocates can receive rewards: Discount Coupons and Affiliate Links.

3\. Discount Coupons
--------------------

3.1 Discount Coupons take the form of a short string of characters that can be given to friends, family, acquaintances etc. When those Referred Users use the discount code on their first purchase, they get a discount (i.e. 20%). If the purchase is successful, the Advocate also gets a reward (i.e. 20%).

3.2 For Discount Coupons, both the discount given to the Referred User and the Reward given to the Advocate are calculated from the subtotal of the first purchase made by the Referred User. The subtotal is the total amount of his purchase, excluding VAT.

3.3 A Discount Coupon can be generated and used by anybody with an account on the Backpack website. There is no need for a special registration or permission.

3.4 In order for a Reward to be awarded to the Advocate, the Referred User has to be a first-time purchaser on backpackforlaravel.com. If there are any invoices in the Referred User’s account, the Advocate will not receive any reward.

3.5 There is no limit to the amount of times the Advocate can repeat the discount code referral process with different Referred Users. Each successful referral will generate a reward that Advocates can use on any new purchase on the website. Only one discount code per order is allowed.

3.6 Only one discount code can be used for each order on the Backpack website.

3.7 Discount Codes cannot be used in conjunction with other Discount Codes or other sales promotions or programs and is only valid for Product purchases on the Backpack website.

3.8 Backpack will only provide the discount in electronic form, using a Discount Code.

4\. Affiliate Links
-------------------

4.1 Advocates who want to receive their reward as cash instead of discounts can register as Affiliates, by sending an email to hello@backpackforlaravel.com.

4.2. Affiliates must represent a registered company or sole-proprietorship and be able to issue invoices for this service.

4.3 Affiliates have access to an additional mechanism to track and convert visitors to Referred Users - the Affiliate Link. The Affiliate Link is a string of characters that should be placed at the end of a hyperlink to the Backpack website (i.e. ?ref=myspecialcharacters). When a visitor clicks an Affiliate Link, a cookie is placed on their browser for 30 days, in order to remember that particular user has reached the Website thanks to the Affiliate.

4.4 If the visitor creates a Backpack account within those 30 days when the cookie is stored on their browser, that Referred User is considered referred by the Affiliate. Upon the first purchase of this Referred User, the Affiliate will receive a reward.

4.5 Backpack offers a 40% reward to Affiliates, for the first full-price purchase of a Referred User (a purchase that was made through an Affiliate link alone and carries no other discounts).

4.6 Backpack offers a 10% reward to Affiliates, for the first purchase of a Referred User, if that purchase also includes a Discount Code or other promotion.

4.7 Backpack will send an automatic email every 1st of the month to each Affiliate, detailing their remaining unclaimed rewards. In order to receive cash for their rewards, the Affiliate should reply with an invoice to that email. If that invoice is correct, Backpack will pay it within 10 business days.

4.8 Affiliate invoices can be paid through PayPal, credit card or bank transfer.

4.9 The minimum amount of rewards needed for the Affiliate to issue an invoice and Backpack to make a payment is 100 EUR.

4.10 The affiliate link is not allowed to be used in creations that have been otherwise paid for by Backpack (eg. paid articles, paid promotions, paid sponsorship). In such cases the Affiliate is expected to refer to the Backpack website directly, without using the affiliate link.

5\. Rewards
-----------

5.1 Both discounts and rewards are given in EURO (€) only.

5.2 The Advocate can see the total of their unclaimed rewards at any time, on their rewards dashboard page on the Website.

5.3 The Advocate can use some or all of their accrued rewards on the checkout page, by clicking “_Use reward_” and choosing the amount they want to discount out of their order. A discount coupon will be generated, that carries no rewards and can only be used by the Advocate.

5.4 Rewards are non-transferable. Only the Advocate can use the rewards they have accrued.

5.5 If the Advocate is also a registered Affiliate, they can claim their unsettled rewards as cash instead of discount coupons.

5.6 In the case where a reward was given to the Advocate for a purchase, but that purchase gets refunded, the initial reward is canceled. In practice, a negative reward is created: the same amount as the previous Reward, multiplied by (-1).

6\. Terms of Validity
---------------------

6.1 Discount codes are for one-time use and do not expire, unless otherwise stated when they are generated. 6.2 In the event that the Referred User or Advocate receives multiple Discount Codes, only one Discount Code can be used per order.

6.3 In the event that the Referred User or Advocate receives multiple Affiliate Links, only one Affiliate Link can be rewarded.

7\. Privacy and Data protection
-------------------------------

7.1 Any personal details provided in connection with the Rewards Program will be processed in accordance with our [Privacy Policy]({{ url('privacy-policy') }}). It is important that You carefully read and understand this information.

7.2 All data collected by Us will be used and processed exclusively within the framework of the current Romanian and European Union data protection laws and in accordance with Our data protection and privacy policies.

8\. Right to termination
------------------------

8.1 Backpack can terminate the Rewards Program or a person’s ability to participate at any time for any reason and without notice.

8.2 Backpack reserves the right to suspend accounts, cancel the Discount Code or Affiliate Link or refuse a transaction if we notice any activity We believe fraudulent, improper, or unlawful or if We have reason to assume You are in breach of these Terms.

8.3 Backpack reserves the right to review and investigate all referral activities and to suspend accounts or modify referrals as deemed fair and appropriate.

9\. Limitation of liability
---------------------------

9.1 Backpack accepts no liability for loss, theft, destruction or improper use of the Discount Code or Affiliate Link, unless this is the result of negligence on the part of Backpack.

9.2 Without prejudice to the conditions of this agreement, Backpack’s liability towards You is limited to the amount of the Discount Code or Affiliate Link.

9.3 Nothing in this agreement serves to exclude or limit liability for:

*   death or personal injury due to negligence;
*   deliberate deception or fraud;
*   any other form of liability that cannot legally be excluded or limited.

10\. Severability
-----------------

10.1 In the event that any provision of these Referral Terms is declared invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. In such a case, the Parties shall endeavor in good faith to modify the invalid or unenforceable article or to agree on a new article that is valid and enforceable.

11\. Changes to Terms and Conditions
------------------------------------

11.1 Backpack reserves the right to, at all times, amend these Referral Terms by publishing an amended version on the Backpack website.

11.2 You are free to decide whether or not to accept a revised version of these Referral Terms. If You do not agree to any revised version of these Referral Terms, Your sole recourse is to stop Your participation in the Rewards Program.

11.3 Except as otherwise expressly stated by Us, participation in the Rewards Program is subject to, and constitutes Your acceptance of, the version of these Referral Terms in effect at the time of Your participation in the Rewards Program.

12\. Applicable law and dispute resolution
------------------------------------------

12.1 All contracts concluded with Backpack shall be governed by Romanian law. Nothing in these terms and conditions, including this section 12, affects Your rights as a consumer to rely on mandatory provisions of local law.

12.2 Any dispute between You and Backpack in relation to the agreement, including the understanding and the extent of these Terms and Conditions will be resolved by the competent court in Bucharest, Romania.

13\. Final provisions
---------------------

13.1 Abuse, attempting to mislead (i.e. posting fake discounts to coupon-sharing websites) or game our rewards system (i.e. creating multiple accounts) will result in a permanent ban: closing your accounts, cancelling your unsettled rewards, cancelling your access to our premium packages.

13.2 Self-referrals are not allowed (i.e. signing up for Backpack through your own affiliate link or getting rewards for your own discount coupon).

13.3 Discount Codes and Affiliate Links are not to be used in search engine ads (especially on branded terms or domain names), Facebook ads or other ads that would compete with Backpack’s own marketing, drive up costs or cause potential confusion for customers. If you want to do paid ads, please send us an email and get our permission.

13.4 Discount Codes and Affiliate Links do not give you the right to pretend to be acting on behalf of Backpack (ie. as an employee).

13.5 Backpack reserves the right to change the Rewards Policy at any time, including changing discount and reward amounts (i.e. from 40% to 20% or 0%), with no notice.

13.6 We reserve the right to terminate your account for violation of any of the rules at our sole discretion.

13.7 Rewards generated by mechanisms that are in violation of these Terms will not be paid or owed.
